Questions	Answers
Account Cancellation	Subject	
I can't find the trust business guide video.	I'm online with the IRS applyimg for my business trust EIN. I need the videwo guide so I don't mess it up. I was watching it last night, now I can't find it anywhere. I just don't want to mess up my very first step. please help. thank you.	
Location of Recordings	The recordings are housed somewhere, but I sure cannot find them. Thank you for getting me on the right track! Glen	
Website and partnership	I spoke with Paulmichael on partnering with him on his I need remedy now course by adding him and his team to my website. I offer credit repair and have a link on my website to bring potential clients to his platform. According to Paulmichael, as long as his price for his services is covered, I will be offering a alternative price to cover the difference. I want to make sure that before my website is launched that it's set up properly and all the loose ends are covered.	
Website update and partnership	I spoke with Paulmichael on partnering with him on his I need remedy now course by adding his services to my website. I offer credit repair and have a link on my website to bring potential clients to his platform. According to Paulmichael, as long as his price for his services is covered, I will be offering a alternative price to cover the difference. I want to make sure that before my website is launched that it is set up properly and all loose ends are covered.	
LMS Button	I would like to have access to the LMS course creation please.	
LMS Course Creation	I would like access to course creation. Thank you	
Class links	I had a link to I Want Remedy class yesterday but not today. Also, how do I make payments to utilize the $10 unlock offer?	
Would like to update my Business Bank Account for future payments	"Hi,
  I would like to update my Business Account for Future 
  Guide me with steps or let me know what information you need which I can share 
  Thanks,
  Chris"	
Please help me find Paulmichael's video teaching how to get the EIN, how to do and file the Trust Declaration, etc	"I am lost again in trying to find the video explaining how to get the EIN #, get the Ipostal 1 address, fill out the Trust Declaration, and open the Business Bank Account.
  Can someone please help and guide me on how relocate that video?
  
  Thanks; Alberto Rodriguez"	
Payment	"Not able to make payment for the membership for the month of February with this link:
  https://quickclick.com/r/m7o5skh90z5o7s6x6bg9yeklf7ql3f
  Could you let me know how to make payment to keep the account activate"	
Double Charged	I was charged $69 on January the 30th and $69 on January the 31st. I had requested that these payments come out of my account on the second of each month and they just keep getting earlier and earlier. Until one of these $69 is credited back to me I cannot make my rent payment which is due by the 5th. I always make my rent payment on the 1st. My rent was the only thing that I left in this account. This information was transmitted in a response email on 2/1. Immediate attention would be greatly appreciated.	
Website design and partnership	I spoke with Paulmichael on partnering with him on his I need remedy now course by adding him and his team to my website. I offer credit repair and have a link on my website to bring potential clients to his platform. According to Paulmichael, as long as his price for his services is covered, I will be offering a alternative price to cover the difference. I want to make sure that before my website is launched that it's set up properly and all the loose ends are covered.	
Partnering with Creditor academy on my website by leveraging I need remedy now	I spoke with Paulmichael on partnering with him on his I need remedy now course by adding him and his team to my website. I offer credit repair and have a link on my website to bring potential clients to his platform. According to Paulmichael, as long as his price for his services is covered, I will be offering a alternative price to cover the difference. I want to make sure that before my website is launched that it's set up properly and all the loose ends are covered.	
Cancel Subscription	"Cancel subscription immediately and do not charge my card or account. I have decided that Creditor Academy is not the best resource for me navigating in the private. Thank you for all your past services.
  
  Sincerely, 
  Mario Claudio Jr."	
What is the charge that was attempted today for $270+ Canadian ...	I only have the master class with you for $99 American so how is it that I'm getting this attempted charge when I already had a charge go through on January 17	
Page not opening SCORM Content	Unable to open page due to Apple MacBook block	
Opening Scorm Content Error	Modules would open possibly due to Apple MacBook issues	
Scorm	I'm unable to open any course. Possibility that MacBook is unable to open any modules	
joining class	As I tried to join my Become private class today it would go to the screen where you mute your mic and then it would kick me out and tell me to check my meeting code. I made several attempts. I have not changed anything on my settings recently and I'm not really good with technology, so I have no idea what's happening. Thank you for your time.	
BECOME PRIVATE	I am unable to log into the class. please advise	
Canceling my Account	"I am canceling my Account.
  Do not charge cc for next month.
  Thank you"	
Close Account	"Please close this account immediately. Permissiions to charge my credit card are cancelled as of now and erase any membership data. Please advise when this account is 100% closed. 
  Keith Hall"	
close account	Close this account immediately. No further charges will be accepted on this credit card. Close this account NOW! Keith Hall	
Billing	Close this account immediately. I will refuse any further charges on my charge card which I want canceled from this account. Please verify the account when closed and that no further charges on my credit card will be made! Keith Hall	
Close account!	"I want this account closed immediately. I want my credit card on file erased and no longer charged for anything! I will block and any new charges, period. Only contact me when you have the account closed and verify no new charges will be filed.
  Keith Hall"	
Lesson 5	I've reached out tp support twice. Lesson 5 in the Trust course was never developed.	
become private	i look on my course and i don't have become private on my course please add it to my course. I'm grandfather into the course i paid when he first started creditor academy.	
Creditor Card Area	"01/08/2026 
  CREDITOR ACADEMYWA 916-4000214 -$69.00
   
  I was attempting to purchase credits for ...
  
  
  Bonehead Mistake in the Creditor Card Selection
  
  I have the basic program inside of CA. I wanted to purchase some extra credits, so I could study some additional materials. Clearly, I did not know how this area works. On January 8, 2026 I made a payment of $69.00 inside of the Creditor Card area, but in my account I still have zero credits. I hope you can straighten out by screw up!!! Thank you for your help! - Glen Ohmert"	
Bonehead Mistake in the Creditor Card Selection	"I have the basic program inside of CA. I wanted to purchase some extra credits, so I could study some additional materials. Clearly, I did not know how this area works. On January 8, 2026 I made a payment of $69.00 inside of the Creditor Card area, but in my CA account I still have zero credits. 
  01/08/2026 
  CREDITOR ACADEMYWA 916-4000214 -$69.00
  
  I hope you can straighten out my screw up!!! Thank you for your help! - Glen Ohmert"	
Bonehead Mistake in the Creditor Card Selection	"I have the basic program inside of CA. I wanted to purchase some extra credits, so I could study some additional materials. Clearly, I did not know how this area works. On January 8, 2026 I made a payment of $69.00 inside of the Creditor Card area, but in my account I still have zero credits. 
  
  I hope you can straighten out by screw up!!! Thank you for your help! - Glen Ohmert"	
Courses and Counseling support needed.	Would like to speak with someone about information on completing my status correction paperwork, SPC and Administrative process for an order on a civil case. I am in Florida 321-917-5328.	
Course Completion	I signed up for Creditor Academy on Friday 01/16. I have completed the full "Business Trust" courses with the exception that I was not able to access Lesson 5. How can I access the assessment at the end of the modules? Also, will it show that the courses have been completed?	
Course Completion issue	I signed up for Creditor Academy on Friday 01/16. I have completed the full "Business Trust" courses with the exception that I was not able to access Lesson 5. How can I access the assessment at the end of the modules? Also, will it show that the courses have been completed?	
SPC I don't know what you might call it.	this is a 2 part process that we file with the Treasury in order to gain access to our accounts. Do you teach this?	
SCROM has once again appeared	i am trying to access lesson 1 of intro to teir 1 biz credit and the SCROM Has appeared once again!!!	"2026-01-16 17:28:31 - Allen Shamzi: now your problem is resolve
  2026-01-16 17:28:39 - Allen Shamzi: now your problem is resolve
  2026-01-16 17:28:48 - Allen Shamzi: now your problem is resolve"
Return money	You took 500$ from my credit card on the 5th of January. I talk to you twice since it you was suppose to return my money by now I even talked to Paul he email that y'all will take care of already. So please return my 500$. Because of your action I've been over drafted on my account costing me more money. Please fix your mistake	
modules	Good morning, I'm so confused!! I joined last week, I've spent at least 5 hours online and can not find a class to start learning. What's a girl to do? I thought the $69.00/month gives me access to a class at least. This is very frustrating for me. I have 3 hours 5 days a week to study and need to make the most of this time. PLEASE HELP! THANK YOU!!! -Laura I think I could use a phone call, communicating via text bubbles is so difficult... (630) 632-8840 I'm on the east coast and I'm up at 5am M-F, study hours 6am-9am. THANK YOU!! GOD BLESS YOU!!	
modules	Good morning, I'm so confused!! I joined last week, I've spent at least 5 hours online and can not find a class to start learning. What's a girl to do? I thought the $69.00/month gives me access to a class at least. This is very frustrating for me. I have 3 hours 5 days a week to study and need to make the most of this time. PLEASE HELP! THANK YOU!!! -Laura I think I could use a phone call, communicating via text bubbles is so difficult... (630) 632-8840 I'm on the east coast and I'm up at 5am M-F, study hours 6am-9am. THANK YOU!! GOD BLESS YOU!!	"2026-01-12 20:41:04 - Allen Shamzi: Good morning Laura, Thank you so much for reaching out, and I'm really sorry for the confusion and frustration you've experienced. I completely understand how discouraging it can feel when you're motivated to learn but can't easily find where to begin. Your $69/month subscription does give you full access to the available classes and learning material. I'd be more than happy to personally guide you on where to start and help you choose the right class based on your goals and available study time. We can absolutely arrange a phone call or a live Google Meet to walk you through everything step by step, whichever you find more comfortable. Since you're on the East Coast and available between 6:00 AM – 9:00 AM (ET), please let me know which day and time works best for you, and I'll schedule it accordingly. You're not alone in this—we're here to support you and make sure you get the most out of your study time. Looking forward to helping you get started smoothly. Warm regards, Allen Tech Team Creditor Academy
  2026-01-12 20:41:14 - Allen Shamzi: Good morning Laura, Thank you so much for reaching out, and I'm really sorry for the confusion and frustration you've experienced. I completely understand how discouraging it can feel when you're motivated to learn but can't easily find where to begin. Your $69/month subscription does give you full access to the available classes and learning material. I'd be more than happy to personally guide you on where to start and help you choose the right class based on your goals and available study time. We can absolutely arrange a phone call or a live Google Meet to walk you through everything step by step, whichever you find more comfortable. Since you're on the East Coast and available between 6:00 AM – 9:00 AM (ET), please let me know which day and time works best for you, and I'll schedule it accordingly. You're not alone in this—we're here to support you and make sure you get the most out of your study time. Looking forward to helping you get started smoothly. Warm regards, Allen Tech Team Creditor Academy"
I can not access any classes	I thought the $69.00 per month gives me access to a class at least. ??	
cancel membership	I've sent this message over last week but have not heard back yet. I need to cancel my membership before renewal. Thank you. Sanya	
tech support	Unable to accèss master class thru LMS Athena must use zoom. Can't access class modules.	
No visible modules anywhere - Nearly 3 months without resolution	i was 1 module away from proceeding with remedy course action before all modules, including remedy and all operate private courses status, spc etc disappeared. Ive created support ticket in the past which is unresolved. I have been in regular contact with creditor academy staff via email. All I receive is that staff can assist me with this matter. I'm still waiting for any form of resolution or to speak with anyone who can assist with this matter. Please, I would very much like to continue my education with creditor academy.	
Debit Card	I need help uploading a new payment source as the debit card on file has been compromised.	
Cant login at certain time of day	Pretty much everyday from around 6pm PST to around 7 or 8pm PST when I try to login to the LMS it just say Internal Server Error. But works fine after that.	"2026-01-06 20:28:53 - mark millers: Hi Giovanni, Thank you for reporting this and for sharing the specific time window when the issue occurs. We've identified that this is related to a temporary server-side issue during peak usage hours, which can cause intermittent login errors such as the "Internal Server Error" you experienced. Our technical team is actively investigating and working on optimizations to prevent this from happening. We appreciate your patience while we work to resolve this and will keep you updated as progress is made. Please feel free to reach out if you notice any changes or have additional questions. Best regards, Mark Creditor Academy Support
  2026-01-06 20:40:07 - mark millers: Hi Giovanni, Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We've identified a temporary server-side issue during peak usage hours that may cause intermittent login errors, including the one you experienced. Our technical team is actively working on resolving this. We appreciate your patience and will keep you updated. Best regards, Mark Creditor Academy Support"
Subscription purchase not activated.	"I purchased a Master Class subscription Dec.26 but it is not activated. Transaction I.D.# 11519599305
  James Damian Clark
  Sextus Decimus LLC
  4909 Keith Drive
  Birmingham Al 35242
  Mannish75@gmail.com"	
remedy class on the. when does it start	i see the i want remedy class is today. what time	
test	hjjkl	
Testing ticket system	hello	
My Courses not showing all modules/lessons	Hello. My account is missingcontent: modules/lessons/documents in each course. Please investigate/correct.	2025-12-23 17:27:30 - Ashutosh Kandpal: Thank you for reporting the issue. The missing course content (modules, lessons, and documents) may be due to one of the following reasons: ->The content has not yet been published or added to the course. ->There may be a temporary system or sync issue affecting content visibility. ->Your account permissions or enrollment may need to be refreshed. Our team is reviewing this from the backend to confirm the exact cause. In the meantime, you may try the following: ->Log out and log back into your account. ->Clear your browser cache or try accessing the platform using a different browser. ->Ensure you are enrolled in the correct course. We will update this ticket once the investigation is complete or if any action is required from your end. Thank you for your patience and cooperation.
FAO: Aleena & P-Michael - Progress is wiped and I only see the basic modules again!	Hi Aleena, I've really struggled with the website and support despite having a subscription. Previously you kindly unlocked extra education for me, but I never received the promised MasterClass recordings. Now, after logging back in, all my progress is wiped and I only see the basic modules again. I also couldn't access the recent live Zoom after 30 mins trying. I'd really appreciate if you could raise this directly with Paul-Michael. Thank you, Gavin. (Emailed to Aleena directly).	
Credits	I bought the 14,000 credits and its not reflecting in my creditor card	
To difficult to log in	"Every time I try to log in, it gives me the ""Internal Service Error.""
  And now that it lets me log in, I can not access any of the classes I have completed. 
  
  Note: I have attempted to submit this ticket multiple times. Unsuccessfully!!!
  It keeps giving me ""failed to create support ticket."""	
To difficult to log in	"Every time I try to log in, it gives me the ""Internal Service Error.""
  And now that it lets me log in, I can not access any of the classes I have completed. 
  
  Note: I have attempted to submit this ticket multiple times. Unsuccessfully!!!
  It keeps giving me ""failed to creat support ticket"""	
To difficult to log in	"Every time I try to log in, it gives me the ""Internal Service Error.""
  And now that it lets me log in, I can not access any of the classes I have completed. 
  
  Note: I have attempted to submit this ticket multiple times. Unsuccessfully!!!"	
To difficult to log in	"Every time I try to log in, it gives me the ""Internal Service Error.""
  And now that it lets me log in, I can not access any of the classes I have completed."	
states that a new screen is opening but does not open.	Need help understanding what and why the courses are not opening. I states it in opening a new screen.	
I have no access to my courses my last activity was in November 20th. Please help me get back in the my courses.	Need help understanding what and why the courses are not opening. I states it in opening a new screen.	
attendance record is incorrect	I have attended almost every class since I became a member. I missed very few classes.	
missing course	there's a business course that am missing I've paid for the business class a long time ago which grandfather me into the course. I'm trying to learn how to build my business credit and run it. please help with my concerns	
test1	testing1	
test1	testing1	"2026-01-17 04:13:50 - Farah Javed: hello
  2026-01-17 04:14:01 - Farah Javed: hello"
test	testing	
Checking	Checking the ticket system	2025-12-19 06:24:48 - Ayush Vaish: zxjnj
Checking	Checking the ticket system	
No access to courses	I've been trying to access I Need Remedy Now Course and I don't find it or don't have access to it	
Courses locked	"This is not about a locked course, but I was looking for MASTER CLASS, and I don't see anything. I am really looking for BUSINESS TRUST module. I am enrolled in Master Class with great attendance for the $69, correct? 
  I know there is a lot going on, just looking for an update please."	2025-12-03 23:15:41 - mark millers: Hi Guy Drennan, I've updated your enrolled courses. You should now be able to access the masterclass. If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to let me know. Best Regards, Mark Creditor Academy
Courses locked	"This is not about a locked course, but I was looking for MASTER CLASS, and I don't see anything. I am really looking for BUSINESS TRUST module. I am enrolled in Master Class with great attendance for the $69, correct? 
  I know there is a lot going on, just looking for an update please."	
Please call and/or email Creditor Academy's latest masterclass member from Greens Group Ltd REFERRAL	GREETINGS GUYS PLEASE email or call Rich Godfrey, 920-442-7026, nehersa1@gmail.com , and welcome him to masterclass learning and introduce Creditor Academy please he is our referral, Greens Group Ltd. - John , thank you,	
Rich Godfrey signed up for master class , got receipt , has not heard from creditor academy...? yet	please call Creditor Academy newest Masterclass Member from GREENS GROUP LTD- referral Rich Godfrey- 920-442-7026 Nehersa1@gmail.com please welcome him and educate him on athena and introduce him to creditor academy, he has big family to have join to learn.	"2025-12-02 07:45:48 - Farah Javed: Hi John, Thank you for reaching out. We've successfully registered the new learner, Rich Godfrey, and have granted him full access to the Masterclass. We're excited to support him and look forward to helping his family join and learn as well. Please let us know if there's anything else you need.
  2025-12-02 07:46:00 - Farah Javed: Hi John, Thank you for reaching out. We've successfully registered the new learner, Rich Godfrey, and have granted him full access to the Masterclass. We're excited to support him and look forward to helping his family join and learn as well. Please let us know if there's anything else you need.
  2025-12-02 07:46:29 - Farah Javed: Hi John, Thank you for reaching out. We've successfully registered the new learner, Rich Godfrey, and have granted him full access to the Masterclass. We're excited to support him and look forward to helping his family join and learn as well. Please let us know if there's anything else you need."
Rich Godfrey signed up for master class , got receipt , has not heard from creditor academy...? yet	please call Creditor Academy newest Masterclass Member from GREENS GROUP LTD- Rich Godfrey- 920-442-7026 Nehersa1@gmail.com please welcome him and educate him on athena and introduce him to creditor academy, he has big family to have join to learn.	
Rich Godfrey signed up for master class , got receipt , has not heard from creditor academy...? yet	please call Creditor Academy newest Masterclass Member from GREENS GROUP LTD- Rich Godfrey- 920-442-7026 Nehersa1@gmail.com please welcome him and educate him on athena and introduce him to creditor academy, he has big family to have join to learn.	
Masterclass	Haven't been able to access masterclass since Tuesday.	
Cannot access course	Dashboard not loading properly	
low	testing	
Testing the platform	Hello Everyone we are testing	
Schedule not showing classes	My portal isn't showing 'Remedy Now' class links under Calendar or Dashboard. Please correct.	
I am locked out of my course status correction	"Opening SCORM Content
  The lesson will open in a new tab. This is the message that comes up."	
Can't get access to the links	I'm not able to attend class because the link is not working	
all modules are locked.	i just need the modules unlocked please, thank you and have an amazing day	
Locked Out Of Sophomore Course	"1. Please provide clerification of costs, study course materials, time frame and summery of the Sophomore Class at the time it was purchased? 
  2. Does the Grandfathered-In Clause apply due to the change with LMS Athena take over?
  3. The Sophomore course was for (3) three months originally, what is it currently? 
  4. Please send the policies and procedures for the Sophomore Course/ LMS Athena.
  5. It appears that the course has been changed for improvements with LMS Athena. 
  6. What are the procedures for when a student is locked out of the courses at no fault to the student? 
  7. Are students billed when they are locked out of the course for more than 4 weeks
  8. What is the policy for billing Students twice in one month?
  9. Status Correction, Become Private, and Operating in the Private I have been locked out. I completed lessons and obtained a download pdf of lesson 8 Become Private and have been locked out for about two weeks now."	
lesson 5	lesson 5 is not what it says it is. It is one of the same ones I have already completed.	
Missing Modules all week	Modules have been missing all week.	
Payment Change	"I paid for the year subscription for the master class and placed it with the wrong card.
  
  I need a cancell and refund so i can place it on the correct card,
  
  thank you!"	
Joining class	When pressing the Join Now button when trying to join the class it doesn't work it just says "Failed to mark attendance". I have to copy paste the link to join	2025-11-21 04:36:07 - Ashutosh Kandpal: It's showing "Failed To Mark Attendance" because you maybe already clicked the join now button so it's marking attendance and when you click it again it won't mark it again that's why it's showing this message. We are working on this issue and will be solved shortly. Thank you for your patience.
Three problems with Athena involving class connecting issues.	1) Logging into a class is delayed for a couple of minutes before the acceptance window appears to complete the login. 2) I keep getting "Event Attendance Alert" This email toggles a phishing claim by Outlook 3) the email was from arya@creditoracademy.com Thanks Jack G	2025-11-21 04:41:07 - Ashutosh Kandpal: You are getting the alert because you might be not joining the event . And it maybe showed "Failed to mark attendance" to you because once you clicked the join now button then attendance is already marked. We are working on resolving the issues. Thank you for your cooperation.
Cancel my Membership.	Hello. With all due respect this is not what I expected. Paul said in a youtube video that you will get a step by step tutorials without paying anything extra to access courses. Now when I joined the membership I see the courses are paid and have to buy extra credits on top of the monthly subscription plan to access courses. I can't buy extra credits to access courses. This is not what I expected. Kindly cancel my membership and refund me my amount.	
Pause of monthly membership	"Hi Creditor Academy, 
  
  Due to unforeseen circumstance I need to pause my monthly membership subscription, Masterclass, $69.00. I am presently not working and have had a significant unforeseen expense in September which I am challenged with (water flood damage / insurance claim). I expect to make the payment on 24th / 25th November for the October outstanding subscription month. Please advise of the process. Sincerely, Justin"	
Course Modules	Some of my courses don't show modules or only show 1 module and recordings.	
Re: Membership	When I look at other courses and I want to check the prices, it says that I need to buy a membership for $69, but I am already paying for a membership. I don't know why it is saying that	
spc package	on my cut and paste packet where i replace with my info it stopes after number 2 for the addresses and who u sent it to, and the directions at the bottom it cuts off half way through.	
Lessons for my courses are not showing.	When I click on the Start Lesson button nothing is showing up for all my coursed that are available to me.	2025-11-19 17:31:13 - Samir Kumar: Hey Gerald , we are working on redesigning our book smart series so they are under developement now, they will be live very soon and you will have the access of your courses.
SPC course is included with the sophomore class I am locked out.	Become private course is part of the SPC I am locked out of the courses I paid for please help?	2025-11-18 05:27:03 - Farah Javed: Sure! We will see
I am locked out of my Sophomore course.	Please restore my course session. I am locked out. also I have completed lesson 1-8 and it does not show I completed them why?	
lesson 9	I am locked out of lesson 9	
Purchase not Credited	I purchased 2 -250 points @ $100 and it is not showing up under my point value. I am unable to listen to the modules because it does not show I purchased them therefore they are not unlocked.	
No access to course	"PaulMichael Grandfathered me into I Need Remedy Now Courses due to having paid for Courses with Ryan. Need access to the modules. If there's any questions or concerns, I can be contacted at stephen.bell198042@gmail.com or (912) 532-1675
  
  Sincerely,"	
re: Become Private	"Hello. Is there a course for status correction? If so, where can I find that to begin.
  Thanks,
  Criston"	2025-11-18 07:42:35 - Farah Javed: Yes- Our counselor Rupali will call you. Or You can reach to her on rupali@creditoracademy.com or call her on (425-400-9246)
I want remedy modules appear to be missing at the moment	Hey team, I just finished lesson 13 in I want remedy - the 18 modules appear to be missing at the moment.	2025-11-18 07:44:22 - Farah Javed: Hi, Are you talking about Book Smart or Street Smart
timezone discepency	no matter how many timezones i select, it keeps reading that the Master Class is at 2 pm, but the countdown ends at 3 pm, which means the class starts at 3 pm my time, not 2 pm my time	2025-11-18 08:42:01 - Ashutosh Kandpal: Hey Collin, can you please share the screenshot of the issue you're facing on this email : support@creditoracademy.com
Multiple Issues	It says my name is "Lisa Lewis" and I cannot change it. My name is Sanya Hinchcliff. It also says my membership is inactive but I paid and have completed all courses. Lastly, there are no credits in my account from my masterclass monthly membership.	2025-11-18 07:46:53 - Farah Javed: Hi, We will get back to shortly! You will receive an email from the payment department soon! i need to this question changes into json only  this question can you convert and store on chromdb can you help for that and other think i want to all the data store on chromdb only